.\" lxc-debconfig(1) - LXC template to create Debian and Debian based containers
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2014 Daniel Baumann <mail@daniel-baumann.ch>
.\"
.\" This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LXC 1 2014\-01\-16 1.0.0~alpha3-5 "Linux Containers"

.SH NAME
\fBlxc\-debconfig\fR \- LXC template to create Debian and Debian based containers

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlxc\-create\fR \-t debian \-n|\-\-name \fICONTAINER\fR \-\- [\-\-apt\-recommends] [\-\-debconf\-frontend \fIDEBCONF_FRONTEND\fR] [\-\-debconf\-priority \fIDEBCONF_PRIORITY\fR] [\-\-preseed\-file \fIPRESEED_FILE\fR]
.PP
\fBlxc\-create\fR \-t progress\-linux \-n|\-\-name \fICONTAINER\fR \-\- [\-\-apt\-recommends] [\-\-debconf\-frontend \fIDEBCONF_FRONTEND\fR] [\-\-debconf\-priority \fIDEBCONF_PRIORITY\fR] [\-\-preseed\-file \fIPRESEED_FILE\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
LXC(7) uses so called templates to create Linux Container systems. \fBlxc\-debconfig\fR is such a template script to create Debian and Debian based containers.
.PP
\fBlxc\-debconfig\fR can be invoked through lxc\-create(1) in three modes: debconf, debian, and progress\-linux. In debconf mode, it currently falls automatically back to debian mode. In debian mode, it will allow offer to choose to create Debian GNU/Linux containers. In progress\-linux mode, it will allow to choose to create Progress Linux containers.
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH EXAMPLES
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH FILES
\fBFIXME\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlxc\fR(7),
\fIlxc\fR(1),
\fIlxc\-list\fR(1).

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the lxc package in the Debian Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the author.

.SH AUTHOR
lxc\-debconfig was written by Daniel Baumann <\fImail@daniel-baumann.ch\fR>.
