.\" lxc(1) - convenience Wrapper for LXC programs
.\" Copyright (C) 2006-2014 Daniel Baumann <mail@daniel-baumann.ch>
.\"
.\" lxc comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details see COPYING.
.\" This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
.\" under certain conditions; see COPYING for details.
.\"
.\"
.TH LXC 1 2014\-01\-16 1.0.0~alpha3-5 "Linux Containers"

.SH NAME
\fBlxc\fR \- convenience Wrapper for LXC programs

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlxc\fR \fIPROGRAM\fR \fICONTAINER\fR|all [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlxc\fR is a convenience Wrapper for LXC programs. See \fIlxc\fR(7) for more information about the Linux Container tools (LXC).
.PP
Example (normal): lxc-start -n example.org
.PP
Example (wrapper): lxc start example.org

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fIPROGRAM\fR" 4
specifies a program of the Linux Container tools (LXC), see \fIlxc\fR(7).
.IP "\fICONTAINER\fR" 4
specifies a Linux Container in the LXC path (default /srv/lxc/containers).
.br
Instead of an individual container name 'all' can be used to execute a programm on all available containers (e.g. 'lxc start all -d' to start all containers in the background).
.IP "\fIOPTIONS\fR" 4
specifies options to a program of the Linux Container tools (LXC), see \fIlxc\fR(7).

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIlxc\fR(7),
\fIlxc\-debconfig\fR(1),
\fIlxc\-list\fR(1).

.SH BUGS
Bugs can be reported by submitting a bugreport for the lxc package in the Debian Bug Tracking System at <\fIhttp://bugs.debian.org/\fR> or by writing a mail to the author.

.SH AUTHOR
lxc was written by Daniel Baumann <\fImail@daniel-baumann.ch\fR>.
